So you made it to the end of this section and now you know
some basic concepts of concurrency such as threads,
multi-threading, thread management as in barriers,
passing arguments as a threat at the time of the creation,
and you have encountered your first and not last concurrency bug,
which came from accessing a shared memory location.
This is going to happen quite often in this course, accessing shared resources.
But before we move on to the next lesson,
I would like to introduce you to the lesson project
which is going to be a concurrent traffic simulation.
So please move on to the last part of this lesson to take a close look and, yes,
there will also be some tasks for you to do where you can directly
apply your knowledge and see if you understand threading already.
So see you soon.